it works if I can do the cameraman thing
a fool that'll do for now I don't have
any cool one still coldish yeah that
worked quite well it's layout day and
some people said it wouldn't start with
that low compression well I didn't use a
hot torch I didn't use wd-40 I did put a
tiny bit of motor oil down the Scarlett
just before got it going but no that's
working fine well actually and be
interesting on a really icy cold day the
hope I don't think I'd get it started on
a freezing cold winter's day but yeah I
guess better keep working and get the
cooling system finished and give it a
proper run clear its throat and if this
touchy little governor sorted as I'm
moving that a hair's thickness just to
get it to idle that it's very promising
thanks for watching